During the late 21st century humanity was in ruin. Their world was dying, wars have wrecked their lives and everyone depended on the scientists and world leaders to decide their future. A secret unnamed organization around this time would commence their riskiest experiment to date, activating the collider; Humanity's last effort to build the collider in hopes of discovering something, just something that would save them from this hopeless future. Scientists, families, children, they all clung onto each other as if the world were to end. The collider began with loud whirrs heard by many, distant sounds of metal banging but most importantly, the suspenseful energy build up. Suddenly power went out across the world and the world stood still, until that peaceful moment was quickly interrupted by a blinding white flash paired with holy screams. The collider disappeared and the whole area turned into a massive crater, there was nothing, everyone was silent for the next few days. Many grieved over the supposed failure of the experiment, but humanity was quick to spot something in the middle of the giant crater left by the collider. It was a bright floating energy sphere, illuminating its surrounding area during the night. As humans approached the center of the crater, the sphere dropped onto one of the humans' hands and it looked back at the human, with it's tiny black eye that had just grown. 

People would call the sphere an "Angel", meanwhile scientists would rather refer to it as the "zero-point". It brought them world peace and infinite energy, humanity would proceed to enter another renaissance, where everyone would prosper like how they used to. Earth was divided in two, the west and the east. Separated due to different beliefs there was a risk of another huge war starting, but it has been diplomatically solved; Instead of fighting wars, the world has decided that whichever side inhabits a neighboring planet in the solar system, that side would reign supreme of humanity. 
The West swept the East with ease by successfully colonizing the moon. Despite the East being furious about the fact that the moon was not a planet, they gave in and humanity would reach its full potential by working together. People would often visit the Angel which has been safely contained in a comfortable place, together celebrating the day when it arrived every year. Soon as the East fully morphed into the West, humanity was evolving really fast thanks to the Angels' infinite power. They invented space travel, discovered alien lifeforms, learned to live with the aliens, colonized planets, it was truly the golden age. One day, they discovered how to manipulate the strings of life that create everything that exists and with this knowledge they built a portal that would allow them to go beyond their universe. A group of important figures were selected holding the Angel in their hands to cross the portal and initiate contact with the theorized "clones" that would appear. With deep breaths and humanity's anticipation, they crossed the portal with the excited little Angel in their hands. 

They walked into a white space, the animals walked into the white space, the in-animates walked into the white space, the incomprehensible walked into the white space, the unknown walked into the white space, and the lifeless, would also somehow walk into the white space. Each holding their own angel with different amounts of black eyes. Humanity - Everyone would discover the depths of existence.