Soldiers of the Holy Earth, shining knights armed with the most approved weaponry to date. Currently occupied at the planet of Tirnus, another world bound to be lost by the hands of the Bastion. The soldiers marched together separated in squads, on a foggy barren wasteland digging trenches and building cover but most importantly, planting flags. Amidst the fog green flashes emit, the soldiers immediately rallying one another to take cover and prepare. Only the wind howled in the silence, the soldiers aimed their weapons at the last signal, sweat dripped from their face below their helmet. With an unrecognizable screech, a different kind of Bastioner leapt towards the squad from the fog on its four arms like an animal. In retaliation, the knights opened fire right away not wasting a single second. The Bastioner, knowing it cannot evade much longer, split itself and fabricated a clone, that clone fabricating yet another clone, multiplying to outnumber the knights. They put in the effort, killing the swarms of the one Bastioner, until they looked back at the horizon in horror. Hundreds of Bastioners marched ever so closer to the frontlines, without rush, without care. A dozen of them aimed their weaponry in a synchronized manner and fired, the Holy Earth's knights from the backlines attempted to fire back with long ranged weaponry but it was no use, the Bastioners only kept splitting and cloning themselves. The cyborgs could do anything with their slender bodies, some appeared to be different from the others, serving different roles. They did not have any vehicles outside of average spacecraft, the Bastioners could traverse fast, bite off and penetrate the thick armors with their fangs, fabricate clones long distances from itself. Special forces of the Holy Earth were ready, throwing down gasses and flaming the swarms in an efficient manner, but it was simply not enough. Strike spacecraft was called in to carpet bomb the hearts of the Bastioners, but even that was not enough. They only multiplied, they only thought in numbers, they only thought about domination. 
As the knight's will grew weaker, three bright stars shined in the sky descending right upon the swarm.
A shell landed in front of a weakened knight, crushing the Bastioner below into shreds. They ejected from their shell, slowly raising to the surface, and to the knight's eyes they could not believe who they were. With armor improved from his first missions, with an arm of gold charged with his might, the golden plating on his back spelled out his name for those injured behind him, "Ferdinand Ray". He looked back at the weakened knight before getting harshly interrupted by a Bastioner's laser, which his armor helped deflect without issue. A Bastioner leapt at him with it's four arms spread out, but Ferdinand's quick reflex let him grab it and crush it against the floor. More Bastioners took notice of Ferdinand and prioritized fire at him, he quickly took cover in one of the trenches and held his ground firmly. The Bastioners kept leaping but without luck, Ferdinand continued to grab their heads and crush them into pieces. Another Bastioner, looking to be designed for longer ranges, aimed at his head and fired instantly. Ferdinand's gauntlet reacted on its own and absorbed the shot with the palm of the hand, immediately releasing the absorbed energy back as a beam of devastating small light. He used his gauntlet to generate a strong shield around him, and not even any penetrations would matter to him, as his gauntlet was constantly keeping him at a constant state, healing any injury. Auto managed crawl back to Ferdinand with Rila into the trench, dirty and pumped to start talking. Auto extruded multiple arms from his back, each holding a firearm, and began talking.

"MY *personal* *ASSUMPTIONS* WERE CORRECT, *THE BASTION* HOUSES A NEW *WEAPON*." Auto buzzed with an excruciating tone.

"Elaborate?" Ferdinand spoke back as he looked towards the frontlines.

"*WE DO NOT CLONE*. THE *EVER-CHANGING TACTICS* USUALLY REVOLVE *SWARMS,* BUT NOT *MULTIPLICATION*."

"What can we do against these boogers?" Ferdinand continued replying without looking as he signaled the knights with his gauntlet.

"EVERYTIME THEY *MULTIPLY* THEIR *ACTIONS BECOME LESS ADVANCED*, *DIVIDING* THEIR SKILL *precisely* IN HALF. WITH *CROWD CONTROL* THEY ARE NO THREAT. *But we mustn't forget, our objective is to get out of here and infiltrate the capital to shut off the new weapon, doing otherwise can lead to devastating consequence. We must hijack one of their spacecraft, together.*" 

"That's a lot of words!" Ferdinand exclaimed, "I assume we continue to push forward?"

"*Precisely.*"

The onslaught continued, the knights held their grounds as the Bastioner swarm kept on. Multiple shells dropped down from the skies, bringing in various experimental forces into the fight, whom many have succumbed shortly after. More capital ships appeared within the skies, raining down heavy firepower upon the land, most notably giant beams of light that would bring destruction with an unusual reversed sound. The capital ship reinforcement significantly raised the power of the Holy Earth, however groups of Bastioners have separated further into the backline and formed a group. Those Bastioners stretched their hands to their front holding a weapon, which would eventually morph into their arm to fabricate an anti-tank canon. They raised it into the sky and fired endless barrages, slowly but severely damaging the capital ships. Ferdinand, Auto, and Rila slid through the battlefield evading most encounters trying to find a way into the Bastioners' backlines. Rila pretended to be a regular, not using any power whatsoever, she could not afford to risk the chance of Ferdinand finding out who she really was, not even Auto, but deep down she felt that he was the one who knew. A Bastioner carrier has been spotted, typically used for waging supplies and weaponry onto the battlefield, that specific vehicle would be their chance to complete their part of the mission. Ferdinand pushed on with the rest behind him, covering himself with his arm bashing through the waves. Once they were at a fair distance between the next coming spacecraft and themselves, Ferdinand raised his arm and generated multiple long blinding tentacles that stuck right on the spacecraft. He signaled Rila and Auto to hold onto him, and then he'd run and jump to swing to the top of the ship with everyone closely huddled together. As the ship began to fabricate supplies for the Bastioners below, Ferdinand punched through the roof with his golden arm, infiltrating the insides of the spacecraft. To their surprise it was an organic interior, not a soul but one Bastioner was inside, tangled and injected with wires supposedly using itself to pilot the ship. Before Auto could forcefully take the spot of the pilot, a shot from the Holy Earth's capital ship shred through the entire spacecraft. Hit by the massive blinding laser beams holding explosive power, the trio looked at each other in a flash. The light harshly corroded Rila's body, exposing her truth that only Auto had the angle to see. After a second the flash was over the trio held firmly to the falling debris of the carrier bracing themselves for impact. Rila's body already regenerated itself, but Auto stared at her with a hint of betrayal. Ferdinand grabbed both of them and generated a shield around them all before they hit the ground.

"*You...*" Auto narrowed his eye towards Rila, but before he could continue they were immediately interrupted by the Bastioners' fire. He extruded multiple of his other arms and protected himself as they all formed a circle covering each others' back.

The war raged on without an end, the Bastion continued to multiply, the Holy Earth received more reinforcements. Every division of Bastioners suddenly fired a green flare into the sky for an unknown reason, the Bastioners had ceased fire and fell back on the battlefield. The knights cheered, thinking they are finally retreating, but it was quickly cut after the fog and smoke had cleared. A machine was spotted at the horizon, the ground shaking with each step it took. The Holy Earth fired every single available weapon at disposal, slowly taking out the unknown machine. The battlefield fell silent in confusion, but the ground began to rumble. A green laser beam suddenly flashed through the army and destroyed a huge chunk of the Holy Earth's backline, an entire army of the walking machines emerged from the horizon's line. Assumed height was over three-hundred meters, the Holy Earth quickly grew panicked and began to fire at the walking army of machines. The ground shook as the titans slowly closed on, machines of two elongated legs and diamond shaped bodies, with a soulless single eye engraved made of green glass. Equipped with two massive cannons the size of its body at each side, the Bastioners continued to fall back to their striders as the Holy Earth shot down the titans one by one. The trio noticed the sudden fall back and Auto immediately figured what was going on, the Holy Earth was about to taste the Bastions' limitless desperation.