Everything was in ruin. No living soul was left alive, neither were any machinations. All that remained on the past remnants of the Holy Earth were false Angels and real Angels. Emilia, despite not being either of those, was protected by Ferd during the eradication.
Ferdinand's golden arm contained a second heart inside its palm. In the truth, there was no need to hurt himself to hold an Angel's power. Each time Ferdinand would get injured, the piece of his body that would regenerate back would not be him, and eventually after enough injuries his body would be made of the second heart rather than his own. The golden arm was a curse, conjured by the Seventh to fabricate the perfect tool for war.
That heart in the golden arm was no ordinary one - it was the Seventh's.

Emilia drove her car throughout the wastelands, carrying the sleeping Ferd in the backseats. She carefully adjusted her mirror and glanced over at his rest. She felt terrible for him, no child should go through such things, even if he were an Angel of some sort. After Auto's eradication there was no power supply, all that remained to fuel any technology were backup batteries stored in the Core that could last an incredibly long time. It was clear, the next place where they'd establish would be at the Core. Emilia called in the remaining Ferdinand's through the intercom and soon they would arrive to start another settlement. She carried Ferd in her hands and aimed for a specific room to rest in, the one where she had spent her Holy Earth's childhood days. Emilia laid Ferd on the bed with care, tucking him with the thick comfy bed sheet. The sound of capital ships warping above their heads with distorted roars meant nothing to Emilia anymore. The Ferdinands appeared and rushed in confused, the armies and the people of Supreme Order were coming back to their ruined home. The crew looked with worry, but Emilia was unbothered. The order has fallen, the wars and conflicts were over. She walked and stood in front of the Core, ready to explain everything to the population.

"Mom..." Ferd would slowly strut towards Emilia, days later, "I want to ask..."

She tilted her head in response, taking a break from writing papers, "What's up?"

Ferd held a DVD in his hand, extending his arm to give her a closer look, "What's this?"

The DVD had "Vib-Ribbon" faintly written on it with a thick black marker. It froze her in surprise, she had to immediately show him what the peak of fiction truly was. The game that brought light to her childhood. Weeks passed since then, the remaining people lived with the crew at the Core. With the help of specific specializations the crew did not have, they managed to turn on reserve power stored in batteries. That would not be sustainable forever however, the people needed a proper rule. Emilia was crowned as the leader, organizing groups and jobs to keep the Core living and steady. She ordered for the people to build power generators such as solar panels and wind turbines, all perfect and simple enough for sustainable power. The lack of flora, food, and water on the surface became an issue. Ferdinands had to constantly supply the masses fabricating enough water and food weekly until their crops would finally grow. The inside of the Core was completely revolutionized, becoming a sanctuary for the people rather than the heart of order. Ferd's mood has gradually shifted over time, going from deep depression to joy. Everyone was going through tough times, but seeing everyone work together to live on brought a happy tear to Ferd. He knew he was right, the people don't deserve to be killed, they are capable of salvation. The populations worked together for one goal, with every resource available they manifested a project - finding and building a new home on a different planet, beginning anew as "New Babylon". The Spears, despite being designed for violence, were repurposed completely for agriculture and construction, speeding up every process tremendously. They had capital ships ready to traverse the cosmos in search of a new planet.
After the death of the Seventh, Ferdinand wandered through space. He spent his days floating in the void looking at the biggest black holes of a universe. He was left empty, not even thinking of anything important anymore. In the blank vacuum of space he began to hear a voice, and he followed what it had ordered.
Ferd's original plan of bringing existence back to balance was not forgotten, the angels were readying themselves for an inevitable battle that would ensue. The plan was relatively simple - destroying Ferdinand's golden arm. That event alone would fix everything, and Ferdinand may have a slim chance to recover. The five Ferdinands continued to train hard each day, while also supplying and supporting the remaining population. Ferd often came to visit Akimi, whom still had nothing new to say - he tested the gauntlet for a long while yet no positive result came out of it. His hope was not lost yet though, he had nothing else to do, fixing the gauntlet actually brought him joy! He sketched out various ideas, techniques, asking Ferd for advice whenever he came along.

One the fourteenth day of the seventh month, Ferdinand has returned to what was known as the Holy Earth.

No alarms were sounded, no panic ensued, the people remained calm - this day was bound to come. Fernanda, Bernerd, Merdiare, Ferolicious, and Ferdevor stepped up to the front of the Core awaiting his arrival. Ferd watched from afar with Emilia, the population was huddled inside of the building waiting for the confrontation to end. Ferdinand descended down from the blue sky and landed on the sandy terrain, his silhouette casting an ominous shadow that stretched for a long distance. As the sunset dawned and the wind howled, a silence between the two parties was shared. A transmitter rang in each of the crews' ears, and Emilia immediately began to speak.

"Remember, focus on the gauntlet." She took a deep breath in, "I pray for the best for each of you."

The crew responded with agreeing words and nods, readying themselves in a stance to face off against the titan. Ferdinand immediately opened up by vanishing and appearing behind Fernanda. The crew, familiar with suck strikes simply just blitzed out of the way. The battle immediately turned into a mess that no one could watch, everyone's reactions were too fast for the human eye to properly see. Ferdinand morphed the rocky terrain of the wastelands right below their feet to catch them off guard, but the five Ferdinands in return worked wonderfully together, saving each other at an endless loop. Thunderbolts and impacts could be heard from miles away, the roars of a conflict that shed a sweat from Emilia's face. It quickly became a battle of endurance, Ferdinand struggled to even get a single significant hit on a Ferdinand due to the crew always covering each other's back. They tried whatever they could come up with to cripple Ferdinand - fabricating and morphing the ground into jagged spikes in potential to pierce his body, trying to freeze his body with whatever strong material they studied and more. The titans moves grew more erratic and harsh as time went on, he was getting tired. The crew had no time to think or communicate in such battle, whatever happened occurred almost instantaneously. One single flaw and they would be gored immediately. Bernerd tried to stun the titan with smoke to get a hold of his head, a move that would cut his senses off of the gauntlet. Merdiare fought with valiance at the front, not afraid to be close. Fernanda shot from a distance with a heavy rifle, her reflexes having potential to stun Ferdinand. Ferdevor leapt and clawed like a wild animal in desperate attempt to do something. They all held their grounds, protecting each other when needed, fabricating anything out of desperation. Ferdinand began to use deadly thick black chains in an attempt to lock and freeze the crew. Reminiscent of the Seventh, the crew knew from the tales and history what was up. Merdiare figured an opening and appeared in full speed about to land a devastating punch, but he made a critical mistake. The titan was faster than him, Merdiare's attempt led him to death, but as Ferdinand was about to end Merdiare he exposed a weak-spot for himself - distraction. Ferdinand's focus on Merdiare in that one second let Fernanda take a proper shot into his neck that would stun him for a short while. Merdiare was hit by Ferdinand's golden arm, but the sudden shot into his neck weakened the force and so he lived on with harsh injury. The titan brushed his open wound, and before he knew it Bernerd appeared and grabbed his head, inducing chemicals that would temporarily sedate him - Ferdinand was down.
Ferdevor and Ferolicious immediately appeared next to his golden arm and began dismantling it to get it off. Bernerd was focused, trying to keep the titan in a deep coma with the gauntlet placed on his head. Fernanda took care of Merdiare's injury, fabricating medical aid and bandages to speed up the already fast recovery process. Ferdevor clawed and scratched at the golden arm, tiny shrapnel and pieces dropped as his unhinged aggressiveness wanted to end the conflict. Ferolicious on the other hand focused on a different part of the golden arm, carefully disassembling it. The nerves inside of the arm were black chains, and the smiles that emanated from the black blood freaked him a little bit. Emilia and Ferd exhaled all their pent up breath, finally getting to see the current situation. She turned on her transmitter and began to call.

"Any status update?" She asked with a low monotone voice.

"He is alive but in deep sleep." Fernanda sighed, "We are trying to take off the arm."

"Good." Emilia nodded, she was relieved, "Take it off as soon as possible."

"Your majesty we are trying!" Ferolicious suddenly spoke in the call, "This thing is not going anywhere!"

"We're coming, standby." And with that Emilia stopped the transmit, she set off with Ferd to check upon the situation up close.

Once Merdiare felt better he immediately tried to help the crew with the golden arm situation. His immense strength helped Ferolicious and Fedevor tremendously, stretching the golden arm's black chains of nerve. They fabricated several saws to try and cut if off, they were making progress, but really slowly. Bernerd felt tired, having to generate something for so long, but he couldn't let go. Fernanda walked up to the crew to help, but once she actually saw how Ferdinand looked up close something triggered within her.
She was a soldier in service for twenty-five years before being recruited by Ferd. She lived a considerably good life - finding a loved one, protecting her earth from outer threats. After long and honorable service she aimed to retire to live a peaceful life with her loved ones, but when that day arrived her dreams were completely shattered by the Angel of War, who had descended and destroyed everything she fought for in minutes. She narrowly escaped the purge, but she lost it all without any foresight. The crew began to yell at Fernanda to come help them with the golden arm and to especially stop stalling, but she stared down his incapacitated body. The dots were all connecting now, she knew what had to be done. The crew saw her charge the gauntlet with energy, immediately setting them in a state of hidden panic.

"We beg of you to remain calm, please." Merdiare held a hand, signing her to stop as he focused on tearing of the golden arm.

But she only glanced over at him, she did not stop. This moment of Ferdinand's weakness begged her to execute him on the spot.

"We almost got it off!!!" Ferolicious alarmed, the golden arm beginning to tear easier off of the titan's body.

Fernanda threw a punch with all the pent up energy she had stored. Merdiare tried to stop her within the second but he was too late. In a slow moment of chaos every member of the crew suffered. Ferolicious and Ferdevor tore off the golden arm at the right second, but the strike itself forced Bernerd to leap out. The impact triggered Ferdinand's reflex and the golden arm reattached itself almost immediately. The lethal punch that Fernanda threw quickly became pointless as the titan awakened and regenerated its severe injury. The distraught nature of them all caused the crew to make mistakes, Bernerd was immediately grabbed by his throat and torn. The gored body of their friend in front of the Angel only made matters worse, the crew frantically tried to maneuver and try to extinguish the fire but failure after failure followed. Fernandas face was grabbed and crushed, Ferdevors limbs were torn off, Ferolicious' body was pierced by terrain manipulation, Merdiare was the only one that remained focused, not making any critical mistakes. He looked to the side as he brawled against the titan close up, sighting Ferd standing on the spot. A flash occurred and Merdiare figured the plan, immediately teleporting out to accept Ferd's wish.
Ferd and Ferdinand stared at each other across the vast, deformed terrain of the wasteland. The wind continued to howl, brushing their fur. The titan's body was covered in thick blood, a terrifying sight, but Ferd was unbothered. In a move Ferd vanished and appeared right on his golden arm, grabbing and holding the mechanical components. Ferdinand retaliated by opening up the palm of the golden hand and striking Ferd with an incredibly powerful beam of light. Upon impact Ferd was immediately pushed off the golden arm, but he remained still in front of him. The beam of light deteriorated his body, but he held his ground. He slowly walked through the light trying to get ahold of the arm again. Ferdinand's sight was not merciful, he would not stop even while hearing the whimpers and grunts. Ferd walked step by step, covering his eyes with hands as his fur slowly turned to dust.
But he failed to reach the arm, the strength left his body close to Ferdinand. But in a short moment of defeat a flash blitzed faraway and a familiar figure saved Ferd from the light. With a rash nosebleed, Akimi vanished from Ferdinand's sight and appeared next to Emilia. He gave her Ferd to hold and told her to run. The titan appeared before Akimi and he had to parry his attack, that action quickly evolving into another unwatchable mess of vanishing and fabrication. Akimi's ability to fight with the gauntlet remained, but the state his body was in did not let him. Upon sighting Merdiare he vanished in front of Ferdinand, the last resort was coming to fruition. Merdiare stared down Ferdinand as he equipped another gauntlet from one of the fallen to his left arm, he himself had no idea what would follow. The whole event with Ferd seemed to be a distraction to let Merdiare accelerate his power into godhood. Upon equipping it he glowed, growing in size rapidly turning into a giant. Feathery wings extracted from his body as he slowly ascended, this situation turned eerily similar to Auto, it was clear that he was becoming a false supreme Angel. Ferdinand could not strike back, instead opting to wait for Merdiare to complete his ascension. He continued to grow in size, higher than skyscrapers, higher than the tallest of mountains, he was reaching space. He gazed down below at the surface to find Ferdinand, and upon sighting him he charged his gauntlets and began to initiate an impact with the gauntlets. The sudden transformation had severe effect on the planet itself, the night sky was illuminated by his glow and several beams of light extruded from the planet's core ravaging the land wherever it came. Akimi and Emilia ran back to the Core together as the world around them slowly crumbled, holding the unconscious Ferd in her arms. The atmosphere burned as the gigantic gauntlet strike descended down upon Ferdinand - he only readied himself, creating multiple clones of the arm from his back. Upon impact a strong earthquake was felt, the wastelands shattering beneath Ferdinand's body, the heat unbearable. The titan held the fist with all of his strength, struggling to keep it holding above him. In rapid desperation Ferdinand began to charge a devastating punch as sweat dropped down from him. Merdiare, the giant, loomed over the planet as he had completely lost himself. Akimi and Emilia have both reached the Core safely and settled down on the floor catching their breaths. Ferdinand punched the gauntlet with his charged golden arm, initially not doing anything, but strike after strike he refused to back down. The energy build up was reaching insanely high levels and in a moment of deafening impact Ferdinand threw one final punch. Merdiare's body cracked, progressively shattering and scattering into millions of glowing butterflies. The glow disappeared from the skies and the beams of light stopped, Ferdinand stood at the center surrounded by a massive crater, eventually collapsing onto the sandy floor beneath him.

// // // // 

A mysterious traveler appears.