There was a time of peace and love, when the kids laughed and the adults cheered, when the birds sang and nature bloomed. Deep in an unknown hometown resided a child, whos name was Ferd Ray. Years ago, seemingly abandoned in a city close by during a violent thunderstorm, a tall woman had come up and comforted him. He was only a crying child dressed in a lousy shirt and black shorts, holding an interesting pair of glasses in his little hands. That woman's name was Emilia, she held an umbrella above Ferd as she held his hand and took him somewhere safe. She cared for him like as if he were her son, even though she wasn't engaged with anyone. At first it began with just fostering a child, but over time they grew closer together, and an adoption was set. Ferd grew as a smart and confusing kid, attending a school where his new mother worked as a teacher. He struggled to find friends, but interestingly enough he didn't really seem to mind. When he was done with classes for the day, he'd slide ride into his own room and boot up his computer to do whatever he wanted on the web. His mom, Emilia, was sometimes restrictive, figuring out ways to teach her new child to not be so dependent on computers. Sometimes she'd give him extra lessons at home if he struggled in school, sometimes Ferd would get really upset and vice versa, but deep down they still loved each other like a proper small family.
Once he'd reach his teen years, oh that's when things got more interesting. At the beginning of a new school year he'd meet a new student, a bear girl named Ena Lone. She was rash, dressed in intense clothes, wore a black hairstyle that covered her right eye. At first sight Ferd's heart leapt out of his chest, he couldn't help but stare in awe at how pretty she was in his eyes. That's when he first felt it, the intense feeling that is LOVE. Not one that is platonic, nor familial, this was the type of love that will wreck anyone who's struck by it. The first interaction between Ferd and Ena was not great, but overtime, especially after a certain event, the relationship between them grew into a friendship, which eventually turned into love. The blackened teenage colors of Ena would slowly wash off as he helped her overcome herself and become who she really wanted to be. Together they became annoyingly inseparable, eventually graduating from their school and setting out for a new future, saying goodbyes to their relatives as they left their hometown.
Ena was an artist, incredibly confident that she'd make it big, always dreaming and getting Ferd to participate in whatever works she had. She'd paint, compose music, star in niche music videos, in other words she may have been getting desperate. Her works of art weren't really blowing up, her music sounded too amateurish, and those music videos never took off. Ferd worked at a retail store, always coming home late and tired, sometimes frustrated. It wasn't looking bright for both of them, but at the very least they always had each other during a late afternoon. They'd snuggle in their caravan that they called a new home, a cozy recharge for a next day.
One day, however, they hit a really low point. Ferd was fired from his job, Ena's contracts were getting torn. In the week of surviving off of their remaining money and food, looking for any jobs, an interesting opportunity popped up in their minds. They could enlist in the military, that way they could escape their economical hardships and potentially have a greater chance of a better job after service. Things were looking hopeful, besides, there was no war on the earth they lived on. The day before going into service they slept closely together; Ena rest her hand on his cheek, cleansing any anxious thought from Ferd's mind. It would all be fine.