My dear new entry,

I don't usually write these, I was given papers and asked to fill it out with everything that happened to me since the first day on Tartarus. I am like, okay, sure, why not.

I don't remember anything from the moment we were captured, probably sedated, I don't know Citadelarians. Me and Houston were thrown into a stainless cell, separated from the whole camp cut off from Ferd most importantly! I had a pretty rash reaction, spiraling down into a panic attack, until Houston managed to calm me. I had no other choice but to accept the situation, embracing their touch as I took deep breaths. I don't know how long ago was this first day, that is something I will figure out.

Can't really say much for when we were stuck during the cell, other than the fact Houston was out here making sure I do not explode (why were they so calm during all this?) it's pretty odd but I appreciate it, the two of us have grown here much closer than before. The first cafeteria visit was pretty interesting, I was surrounded by men, big men, with muscles and all that junk. I thought this prison wouldn't be separated by gender, but it may be, or maybe they are just defining me by sex rather than gender (so annoying.) anyway to the main point now. Of course me and Houst were confronted immediately by some group, we were like little squishy bugs compared to everyone else here! This happened right after we got our strange food (some sludge), turns out people FIGHT over food here, even if it's gross. They went after Houston first, going all like 'Give up your food sissy.' and that pissed me off so bad, clearly Houst couldn't fight back verbally or physically so I rushed to step in. I said some things, I don't really remember, but they all laughed, and that pissed me off even more! I leapt at the main guy (I think?) and I straight up just went for the kill right there. I managed to get him pinned on the cold floor, bending their arm over to the back (like how enforcers do?)... I bent their arm too much, I broke it. That crunching sound was really hard to hear, but honestly, he deserved it. Of course the whole group backed away, other prisoners looked intimidated, a skinny girl like me taking down such a titan? I hope they all learned a lesson (spoiler alert they did not). I was stronger than I thought I would be.

Once the cycle (what the days are called in Tartarus) came to a close, Houston took a little moment to appreciate me for that. I smiled at them, y'know, I can't stand seeing a friend get picked on like that. We had a little sweet moment, until the same group came around as the lights closed. We were snoozing and they broke into our cell, trying to stab us with a knife of some sort! They stabbed me while I was sleeping (I didn't react at all xD) and they were like threatening Houston who woke up... Man, I don't even know how to describe all what happened. I woke up and I was so incredibly mad, like we are sleeping! The whole Tartarus is on sleep mode! They were confused as to why I was just, waking and standing up as if nothing happened (my wounds healed!) so I grabbed their butter knife and... oh... um...

Well the first few days were something like that, then it all slowly dissolved into a blur. I saw myself get more meaner, intense, intimidating. Nobody wanted to mess with me (good!), 'cause the first week of cycles was awful. It was full of disgusting people. After I got used to prison life I spent most of my time just hanging around with Houston (who I also kept protecting, one time I even had to take him back from this one other group), but I shared a lot of concern for Ferd. Ever since that giant Inka (what they're called?) appeared and all of us were taken to Tartarus, I haven't heard a single thing of him after! I asked the tall lanky citadelarian guards (retainers?) but they just... stared at me. Houston did a good job of calming me, that's what I can say. I managed to get my hands on chalk and that opened the doors to so many activities for us to do. With my newfound abnormal strength I also managed to tear off the steel plates which our cell was covered in, beneath was just concrete. Perfect! I used the chalk and we started playing all sorts of games. Tic tac toe was a classic, everyone knows that. We got a bunch of random objects and Houst taught me how to play chess (I always wondered what the board was for?) it was fun, they taught me all sorts of other board games as well. Our cell was riddled with doodles and games made from the chalk, you would think we were going all psycho in there.

I don't know how much time passed, but I was getting more concerned about Ferd by each day. I wanted to see him again. I felt like... time was going so fast. Everything happened in just a blink, probably a good thing since we were in prison but... I don't like that. If I want to drift through time, I want it to be with all my loved ones. Something snapped inside. I wanted to venture deep into the 'dangerous' Tartarus, for him. Houston was all concerned telling me NOT to, but I did anyway. I may have said a few mean out of control things, but, they came along. They knew a lot more of this place then I thought, and here's the craziest thing, apparently I can create things out of thin air. I can't bother explaining but I am pretty sure Emma (who turned to a guardian) gave her life to me so I can go on, that apparently also gave me powers to a lot of things! Why didn't Houston tell me before? Anyway, we start running through the maze (surprised it wasn't guarded by retainers) and the giant Inka appears. So much chaos happened, I was trying out what I can do with my newfound mutation as we were chased by the 'Genkatan'. All of a sudden alarms blared, after some chaos it just stopped and vanished into the darkness. I was so confused, but me and Houst finally arrived at an elevator to reach the deeper layers of Tartarus... until we stopped at a floor and got jumped by ALL the big Babylon guys including Bill and Rose... We were caught, cuffed, how annoying.

Okay, this part...
I can't really explain how I felt here, what I saw, I still don't even know what happened. We reached the lowest level surrounded by the Babylon, right. Everything down there was in ruins, destroyed, charred, oh my god. I saw Ferd, and another person besides him with their arms wrapped around him. My heart sunk, I broke free from my cuffs and I rushed to him. The Babylon didn't seem to care, they all seemed focused on the other person, I could see why... Another 'gauntlet wieldier', but the 'Angel of War' in Houston's eyes. I rush in to tend to Ferd, who wakes up in my arms and just starts... crying. Without words, only his trembling left hand and tears running through his cheeks. I felt like my heart just exploded, I could not stand seeing my close friend like this. I assured him that all is fine, that I'm here, but... I couldn't help but notice how Houston just ran past us and went to the OTHER person instead. I suppose, it's a guy, who they have studied for a really long time, but our closest friend was literally mentally collapsing before my eyes! Eventually the other guy wakes up as well, at the same state just like Ferd, well they look really similar. Black furred with white marks, a whole golden arm for his left arm. Their injuries were tended to by everyone, but for Ferd, I had to improvise with bandages (those bandages I had wrapped around my chest... I sacrificed some :( ). The other guy, apparently named Ferdinand (same name??) wasn't crying, nor feeling anything extra, he was... confused. He asked so many questions, and Houston introduced him to the current state of life. There was apparently no 'Holy Earth', no 'Bastion', whatever that means. They told him that he woke up in a different time, where everyone he knew is long gone already. That's tragic but, Ferdinand didn't seem too phased, he looked more glad than anything.

Soon we'd all be escorted, surprisingly. I helped Ferd stand up and together we slowly walked behind the rest of the group. We reached the surface layer of Tartarus and boarded a golden ship to where we took off right into the New Babylon. Ferd had his head on my lap as we were flying, and Houston FINALLY showed up. I was furious, I swore so much at them, until Ferdinand just placed his right arm on my shoulder? Whatever that was about, I realized the gravity, I shouldn't be getting so mad, not in front of Ferd. His expression didn't change much, he reached out his trembling hand to Houston, probably happy that they even showed up in the first place. Once we reached the capital city named whatever in the New Babylon we were given rooms to temporarily stay at. I was wondering, what happened to the Disobedient camp we had?! Turns out they're still at Tartarus?! Oh my god. All three of us were given separate rooms and all our belongings were given back from Tartarus. Everything was so clean, luxurious, the bed was comfy. I didn't have much on me, once it was private I finally got rid of the jumpsuit and went back to being comfy (nothing for the top). I laid on the bed and started falling asleep rather quickly, I was tired after all that to be real.

Someone knocked on my door, I opened, it was Ferd. They looked absolutely devastated, unchanged from when I found him, he collapsed on me and just buried his face in my shoulder. Jesus christ, what the hell could he have possibly gone through?! I comforted him, telling him to just let his feelings all out all right, that I'm here and all is okay now. He sobbed, seeing him like this, the once fearless and reckless guy who fought through everything and believed - just to cry and cry shattered my heart. He mumbled something about how he would never erase me, how he would never kill any of us. It was confusing but eventually I started to slightly piece the things together. I'd eventually get my rest, letting him sleep with me on the same bed if he wanted. There were several moments during the night when I woke up to him getting off the bed and like, trying to tear the gauntlet off his right arm. I know he's always hated it, but after Tartarus, he couldn't even handle having it on himself anymore. I'd usually just get him back to bed, sometimes I made him tea and a sandwich (I'm not an expert on that :( ). I remember Emma telling me that microwaved milk in a mug with honey works for moments like these, it worked for me, I gave it a try to see if it would work for him as well. I wonder where Houston's been.

The next day he'd refuse to get up from the bed. I understood, I mean, we had nothing to do anyway. It kinda felt like we were thrown into yet another prison cell, but really it was just an apartment room with a beautiful sight into the golden city from the windows. I've been to a rich place like this only once, but I had bigger things to care about at the moment. I needed answers. I made Ferd the great honey and milk combo and left the room to ask what the hell is even going on. There was no one on the floor, I went to Houston's room and they were sleeping like dead. There was a fourth room I forgot to mention, that one was for Ferdinand. I knocked and opened, and he was just staring out of the window holding a book and a pen in his hands. I was curious, he was really friendly. That book was apparently a new journal he asked for and he started writing a new entry. He told me that was a thing he loved to do in his 'previous life', just writing and drawing describing his life. I asked how his previous life was, well, he didn't give me much of an answer, but still told me a few fun facts. He also told me he'd have a surgery performed later today, specifically to 'dismount' that golden arm off his body for good. Apparently its been wired into his body so well that it couldn't just be 'torn off'. He was nice and chill, the whole surgery talk gave me a whole new idea that I could tell Ferd.

I came back into my room, Ferd thankfully still on the bed. He finished drinking all the milk, just saying 'that was tasty, thank you'. I guess it worked. He looked to be more relaxed than yesterday, his body jittered whenever I'd reach out my hand close to him... my poor boy. I decided not to tell him about the surgery yet, because we were absolutely not on the same level as Ferdinand and I'd HATE to disappoint him during this time. Instead, I showed him that I can now create things. Granted, all the things I made were black and strange but they still held up! He was mesmerized, and then he'd start asking me to make specific things. At first, it was a lava lamp. He told me something about having one during his teen years, where he'd turn it on during the nights and watch it for hours. It was pretty complicated but after some trial and error I made a small little lamp (that could be powered without electricity??). Then he asked me to make a Rubik's cube... all the colors were the same, black. Then he didn't know, so I made him something I thought would fit him well. A stuffed toy, funnily enough, I was an expert at fabricating those things I had a whole collection back at my walker! After some thought I decided to quickly go to his room and get one specific craft from his old jacket, the paper Masy. She was folded and crumpled but she still stood, I was glad. I came back to my room and showed it to him, placing her on a desk nearby facing the bed and reminiscing of a memory before Tartarus. After all of that, I decided to leave him be for some time and go explore the building for answers.

I bumped into Houston, 'where have you been?!' I open up with. They were busy, but busy with what?! Apparently they were the ones to speak for us, the trio, and the camp. Odd, but I don't question it. They tell me that we'll be important for something soon, that they themselves don't know about. I raise an eyebrow, but before I have something to ask they hand me papers and tell me all of us need to write about what happened to us since Tartarus. I'm more confused than ever, but didn't really ask. I got outside and took a fresh breath of the New Babylon, and there, I walked all around the city...

That was pretty relaxing, I guess. I went over to Ferdinand for advice on writing an entry, and he gladly helped. Once I got back into my room I saw Ferd in complete despair. I learned that whatever I create only lasts a few hours the hard way. He thought that he erased my creations! Oh my god, I felt so bad. Here, let's draw something together.